**Ball Save in Multiball** - If ball save is enabled for the left scoop (#22) and subway saucer (#23), players can abuse this ball save feature during multiball. Evaluate the reliability of the scoop and saucer feeds (power settings #5 and #6) to determine whether these ball save settings are needed. Factory default is Left Eject: No Ball Saves; Subway: 2 seconds.

**Midnight Madness** - Midnight Madness Multiball should be set to No in the game setting at the start of the tournament (#32). If that setting change is missed and a player gets Midnight Madness Multiball, consider addressing the situation in one of the following ways (using IFPAPA rules as a guideline).

* Play on - Allow the player to play the multiball and keep the points. *Not recommended* since this is not an earned feature and no other players will have access to those points.
* If the player traps up and calls over the TD, evaluate whether they have received a "significant scoring advantage". If they have not received a, significant scoring advantage then you can instruct them to let the mode's ball saver timeout, then drain down to one ball, and then continue normal play. Typically Midnight Madness Multiball is worth 10 M to 30 M if the player is not actively shooting lit shots. Use your judgement on if that is a significant scoring advantage (independent of considering the particular scores of that game).
* If the player has received a significant scoring advantage, then "void the score of the affected player" and have that one player replay their game after the rest of the group has finished the game as normal. It's recommended to not attempt to get "immediately-affected players and Tournament Officials \[to] agree on a suitable adjustment of the score" since future skill shots award a percentage of the player's total score the player likely also made progress on collecting ghosts; though that option is available if you choose to use it.
